# No-show-appointmen

This dataset collects information from 100k medical appointments in Brazil and is focused on the question of whether or not patients show up for their appointment. A number of characteristics about the patient are included in each row. Questions:
1.	Is there any relationship between age and show appointments?
2.	Is there association between show appointments and gender?
3.	What factors are important for us to know in order to predict if a patient will show up for their scheduled appointment?

Findings:

RQ1.Younger patients showed more than older patients in their appointments. RQ2.Male showed rate is higher than the female show appointment rate(M=0.80032052110528085; F=0.79685129247344755) RQ3. a)The number of patients who suffer hypertension is higher than diabetes and alcoholism. b) There is no relationship between patients' appointment days and showing up because all patients' appointment days are the same. c)There is no relationship between patients' scheduled days and showing up because their scheduled days are the same. d)AEROPORTO is the neighborhood that patients showed up rate is higher than the other neighborhood. e) Patients who suffer hypertension enrolled the Brasilian welfare program are higher than the patients who suffer from diabetes, alcoholism, and handicaps. f)Female patients who suffer from hypertension are more elevated than male patients who suffer from hypertension. g)Females who suffer hypertension and not enrolled the Brasilian welfare program are higher than the females who suffer hypertension and enrolled the welfare program. h)Females, who suffer hypertension and not enrolled the Brasilian walfere program, showing up rate is higher than the other patients. g)There is a positive modarate correleation between hypertension and Diabetes (r= 0.43) and age and hypertension (r=0.05) k)The lowest showed up the patients' appointments is in June 2015, but patients who suffer from hypertension and diabetes mostly showed up their appointments in June 2015. l)The patients' show-appointment rate is high in 2016 than in 2015.
